yeah everybody what you're looking at is
a couple of my sleeping bags ones are
blacks I can't remember the model number
but it's up it's got polarized 3d
insulation other ones on went star the
orange one you can see as I won't stop
super late 1250 of that I've had for
about six years or so they're both of
these have been recently washed the both
synthetic bags and as you can see this
is how I've been stored in them recently
which is hanging them up so they
basically folded in half onto the coat
hanger and then hung up and in the past
of stored sleeping buyers compressed
it's not really be not much of an issue
with synthetic bags but you know I think
that having financially washed them I
want to keep them then lofted until use
now probably doing it this way I don't
have much space in my wardrobe britches
what that hanging on not and so sadly I
need to come up with a solution for that
very soon but one idea so but in the
meantime what I want to do is take these
bags from gather dust okay so I've got
an idea for that and let's see if it
works so let's take these down and let's
see if we can give them some protection
from the dust okay so this is the win
stuff sleeping bag as you can see here
now the way I keep them stored is
folding them in half using the draw cord
at the top and the tabs that are usually
on most foot box is to secure it to the
Kohanga which I find works effectively
so we're going to keep it an S
configuration and we're going to put a
dust bin liner over the top so I'm going
to cut hole in the top of the dustbin
lane outfit over the top and hopefully
that we will protect the sleeping bag
from dust okay let's have a quick look
at how i hook up to this so basically
this is the foot box here after usually
have two tabs on them and this is the
hood section ya know the idea as you can
see the hood sent straight up so let's
let that lives
so essentially that just goes round to
go hang out the hood there so at least
you can see where the two tabs on the
coat hanger like that and there's a
sleeping bag down so I think that's
quite good because it half so obviously
a half the size of sleeping by extend to
be quite long and you don't want them
touching the floor so she didn't like
that's half the size hook them up to
these you know use the Thompson whatever
configuration you want see I've looked
over them back on itself and then hood
simply sets around there to the draw
cord and just tighten that right up and
make sure its nice fan and that's a
pretty simple well I've just done the
first one the windstar super light and
actually playing place without just got
very cheap been bags that have had in my
house for many years okay and you know
what I works absolutely fine so all of
that is buckhorn the the bottom of it
defeat the call hang up through and not
just no rests nicely over it you can see
a lot about poking out the bottom there
but that's not a problem to be honest
yeah okay so yeah next time I'll get
longer ones but actually plate in place
so let's get the other one done right so
this is another sleeping bike this is a
blacks can't recall what the model is
but i should i do the man 10 because of
see it FX and i think according that
some poor guard 3d insulation nuts not
strictly true it's actually porygon
delta more that really matters anything
but it's a lot later than double
sleeping bag because it's all of fiber
the other one is significantly heavier
and this is this is just as warm f not
warmer sure so got it all wrapped up
again tightened up the top here lake the
other one so it doesn't come off so
easily
and play much this is that so make sure
you get the right end open up properly
okay so put their handbag all ready to
go although that design to be sort of CD
shape the kind of rectangular or cuboid
does it should she we've got you
know flat side there you want the wall
wait to go like this simply all of that
was picked up through there
okay they all I need to do now is make
an incision in the top here just going
to pick the middle of us got a lot of
war one it doesn't have to be anything
fancy roughly another obviously don't
cut your sleeping bag that a big bad
idea and that we are cool hang it is and
then simply eat it through there we go
there we go play happy with that just
make sure you get that all the way down
to the bottom I'll take the wrap off of
it actually I'm cream place for less and
I think it will do the job so you can
see there I've got up but exposed at the
ball not two ways about that you know
next thing I can get longer ones
actually much better and i'll stop the
dust accumulating on most of the
sleeping bag it's going to hang this up
the other one and hopefully I'm status
50 and there we go that's the sleeping
bags all done hung up and I'm actually
play in place simple mod play it
straight forward to do you see up like a
bet poking at the bottom there no big
deal and you know what this is giving me
an idea for something else so thanks for
watching everyone appreciates support as
always take care and I'll see you on the
next video bye follow